sup guys it's my runner opinion and I
have a spike review for you today this
this bike review has been done like a
lot of times but thought i'd just try
and make it a little bit more easy or
simple for people that are just starting
a race or they just want to get some
information on whether they want to buy
the spike or not so on I've broken this
up into three different categories which
is a general information distances and
events and if I would recommend them so
today you're doing the nike zoom victory
and these are the 2012 model I don't
know if that really has anything to do
with it but um these are three point two
ounces while they are for a men's size
nine so I don't know how much the weight
of our how much the size affects the
weight I don't know if it's too drastic
or anything like that but uh these
utilize the nike flywire technology as
you can see i don't know if that's like
true or not because um I thought it was
just kind of a gimmick of Nikes like
because now that they've actually come
out with like the Nike Zoom victory
elites and the nike matumbo to they
actually have like that actual straps on
the side that like when you lace it
actually gets tighter around your foot
so i don't really know for sure or not
but um guess you're just gonna have to
take their word for it this also uses
the nike zoom technology which puts the
mid foot or the forefoot a little bit
closer to the ground then the heel so it
really makes you get up on your toe as
well not legitimately toes but your mid
flight when you run so you'll be you'll
be feeling a little bit faster then uh I
guess everyone else then on the bottom
sharp skin which is like pretty nice
it's uh I don't really know how I give
the material rating it's really you up
like prickly at first and like I guess
it gives a lot of traction but as it as
you use them more that it starts to wear
down
so I guess also these shoes for
durability I think they're pretty
durable I've had these for to cross
country seasons and one season of track
so the only thing that's really happened
is they started to rip right there which
is pretty common and then also the the
heel the heel starting to fall apart
which I don't think is too big of a deal
i'll see like peoples like getting
spiked or it starts to rip apart up here
so I guess I was just lucky with that so
now moving on distances for track these
are best used for the 800 through the
5,000 meters or in high school I don't
know if everyone runs I don't really
know what everyone runs in high school I
think it's just different all throughout
the country but for me we only have four
distance it's 800 through the two miles
so you could use these through both or
all also I've heard people like using
these in the 400 or the 100 even but I
think it'd just be more useful to buy
like our real sprinting spike these are
more of a mid distance spike but you can
use them for longer events I've used
I've used these for cross country like
I've said the only thing that you would
like want to watch out for in cross
country is that they don't have as much
support as some other cross country
shoes so I don't and like they can get
kind of uncomfortable maybe if you're
not wearing socks and like if you don't
mid-foot strike because you can start to
get blisters but I guess that's all
preference I never really wore socks
with mine so and I was I was pretty much
okay the whole time so I'll give these a
yes for cross country as long as you're
as long as you know like if you'll be
okay in them or not I know a lot of
people use them for cross country so I'd
give them me a thumbs up for cross
country and for like track and what I
recommend these yes these are like a
really really nice shoe
like I I was used to he's used to
running in the matamos and when I tried
these on it was like a whole different
world like I felt a lot faster because I
guess the instead of four spikes you
guys six so i don't i just felt more
aggressive so and I can hold I could
hang on to those turns like really fast
turns a little bit little bit better so
yeah Thank You Zhu matumbo or nike zoom
victories